add docs for state features (#48)
re-rxjs/react-rxjs.org: docs/api/core/useStateObservable.md

---
title: useStateObservable(observable)
sidebar_label: useStateObservable()
---

Gets the latest value from an observable returned by `state`.

```ts
function useStateObservable<T>(
  observable: StateObservable<T>,
): Exclude<T, typeof SUSPENSE>
```

#### Arguments

- `observable`: The `StateObservable` to get the value from.

#### Returns

The latest emitted value of the Observable.

If the Observable hasn't emitted a value yet, it will leverage React Suspense
while it's waiting for the first value.

### Examples

```tsx
import { scan } from "rxjs/operators"
import { state, useStateObservable } from "@react-rxjs/core"

const counter$ = state(clicks$.pipe(startWith(0)), 0)

function CounterDisplay() {
  const counter = useStateObservable(counter$)

  return <div>{counter}</div>
}
```

:::note

> It's important to note that the `StateObservable` must be created outside the React Component, otherwise it could run into an infinite loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that the `StateObservable` must be created outside the React render function, otherwise it could run into an infinite loop.
```
